Add note about HMR on Firefox (#19)
Shopify/shopify-app-template-ruby: README.md

- [fly.io](/web/docs/fly-io.md)
- [Heroku](/web/docs/heroku.md)

## Known issues

### Hot module replacement and Firefox

When running the app with the CLI in development mode on Firefox, you might see your app constantly reloading when you access it.
That happens because of the way HMR websocket requests work, and the way the CLI is set up to tunnel requests through ngrok.

Until we find a permanent solution that enables HMR on Firefox, this template accepts the `SHOPIFY_VITE_HMR_USE_POLLING` env var to replace HMR with polling.
While not as responsive as HMR, the frontend will still refresh itself every few seconds with your changes.

> You can export this variable from your shell profile, or set it when running e.g. `yarn dev`:
> 
> ```shell
> SHOPIFY_VITE_HMR_USE_POLLING=1 yarn dev
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export this variable from your shell profile, or set it when running the `dev` command:

```shell
# using yarn
SHOPIFY_VITE_HMR_USE_POLLING=1 yarn dev
# or using npm
SHOPIFY_VITE_HMR_USE_POLLING=1 npm run dev
# or using pnpm
SHOPIFY_VITE_HMR_USE_POLLING=1 pnpm dev
```
```
